ALL RIGHT,
I GOT MY DECK,
I GOT MY GEAR,
AND I GOT ABOUT
TWO MINUTES
TO GET TO THE DUEL
ACADEMY ENTRANCE EXAMS
BEFORE THEY START!
OH, WELL, AT LEAST SINCE
I'M NOT A STUDENT YET,
THEY CAN'T THROW ME
IN DETENTION HALL
FOR BEING LATE!
EXCUSE ME!
COMING THROUGH!
HOW YOU DOING?!
AT YOUR BACK!
[GRUNT]
SORRY!
OH.
OH!
YOU'RE A DUELIST,
AREN'T YOU?
YEP.
I'M JUST GOING TO TRY
OUT AT THE ACADEMY!
HA HA.
YOU DON'T SAY...
YEAH...
HA HA HA.
HEY, HEY YOU'RE--
WHY DON'T YOU
TAKE THIS...
SOMETHING JUST TELLS ME
THAT IT BELONGS WITH YOU.
HUH?
WOW, FOR REAL?!
GOOD LUCK.
[GASPS]
HEY, WAIT!
THANK YOU!
I'LL MAKE YOU PROUD!
WOW!
[COO]
HUH?
WHAT WAS THAT?!
OH!
UH-OH!
THE EXAM!
I CAN'T BE THE NEXT
KING OF GAMES
IF I'M LATE
TO THE GAMES!
♪ I'M CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Man over P.A.: ONCE AGAIN,
ALL ACADEMY APPLICANTS
WHO HAVE ALREADY PASSED
THEIR DUEL ENTRANCE EXAM,
PLEASE PROCEED
TO REGISTRATION.
FOR THOSE WHO
HAVE FAILED,
BETTER LUCK NEXT YEAR.
[THINKING]
AND HAVE FUN
AT DUEL MONSTERS
COMMUNITY COLLEGE.
[CHUCKLES]
[ROAR]
AW, MAN...
I CAN BARELY
CONCENTRATE
WITH ALL THESE ACADEMY
KIDS STARING AT ME...
JUDGING ME...
WHAT I WOULDN'T GIVE
TO ALREADY BE ENROLLED
IN THE SCHOOL LIKE THEM!
Man over P.A.: LAST CALL
FOR ALL ACADEMY APPLICANTS.
IF YOU HAVE NOT CHECKED
IN FOR YOUR EXAM,
PLEASE DO SO NOW.
WELL, LADIES,
THAT'S IT.
MARK ALL
THE NO-SHOWS
NO SHOWS...
WAIT!
All: HUH?
I'M NO NO-SHOW!
YOU CAN...
COUNT JADEN YUKI AS
PRESENT, THANK YOU!
WELL, JUST SO LONG AS I...
DON'T LOSE MY GRIP.
[CHUCKLES]
Jaden: HA HA!
WOW,
LOOK AT 'EM GO!
HMM.
ALL RIGHT, NEW GUY,
MULTIPLE CHOICE--
YOU GOT TWO MONSTERS
STARING YOU DOWN...
DO YOU "A," THROW
IN THE TOWEL,
"B," BEG FOR MERCY,
OR "C," RUN HOME
TO MAMA?
I'LL GO WITH "D--"
NONE OF THE ABOVE.
A TRAP?!
EXACTLY, YOU SEE WITH
RING OF DESTRUCTION
I CAN DESTROY
ANY MONSTER
ON THE FIELD
THAT'S IN ATTACK MODE...
AND THEN WE BOTH
TAKE DAMAGE
EQUAL TO THAT MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS!
[CHEERING]
CLEVER MOVE,
APPLICANT.
WELCOME TO
THE ACADEMY.
THANK YOU, OH,
WISE PROCTOR.
Boy: WOW, THAT GUY
IS PRETTY GOOD,
DON'T YOU THINK,
CHAZZ?
GUESS THE RUMORS
ABOUT HIM
BEING SOME KIND OF WHIZ-KID
WERE TRUE, HUH, CHAZZ?
HUH?
HE'S A PUNK!
WE WENT TO DUEL
PREP SCHOOL
FOR THE PAST 3 YEARS,
WE'RE READY FOR
THE ACADEMY!
THESE KIDS DON'T KNOW
WHAT THEY'RE GETTIN' INTO--
BUT THEY'LL LEARN...
THE HARD WAY--
THE CHAZZ PRINCETON WAY.
WOW, THAT LAST GUY
REALLY TORE IT UP!
YEAH--
BASTION MISAWA,
THEY SAY HE GOT
THE HIGHEST SCORE
ON THE WRITTEN EXAM
OF ALL US APPLICANTS.
WOW.
I JUST BARELY PASSED!
YEAH, ME, TOO.
MY NAME'S SYRUS,
BY THE WAY.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
I KIND OF HAVE A THING
WHERE I GET TEST ANXIETY--
I DON'T KNOW HOW
I WON MY MATCH.
SO, YOU'RE IN?!
AAGH!
CONGRATULATIONS!
I'LL BE IN, TOO,
AS SOON AS I
WIN MY DUEL.
WAIT, YOU HAVEN'T
DUELED YET?
NAH.
THEN YOU MIGHT
HAVE A PROBLEM.
I THINK THIS WAS SUPPOSED
TO BE THE LAST ONE!
[GRUNTS]
LOOKS LIKE WE
HAVE A PRETTY GOOD
CROP THIS YEAR.
YES,
INDEEDY.
I'M SORRY TO INTERRUPT,
BUT ONE LAST APPLICANT
HAS ARRIVED
TO TAKE HIS EXAM,
MR. CROWLER.
DID YOU JUST CALL
ME "MISTER"?!
OH, SORRY, I'M NEW
HERE, MISSIS--
I'VE A Ph.D IN DUELING,
I'VE EARNED THE TITLE
DOCTOR, THANK YOU!
NOW, TELL THE TRUANT
THAT HE'LL JUST HAVE
TO COME BACK NEXT YEAR.
OH, COME ON,
DR. CROWLER,
WE HAVE TIME
FOR ONE MORE!
YES, LET'S GIVE THIS
DUELIST HIS SHOT!
HE WAS JUST
A BIT LATE,
THAT'S ALL.
LATE IS RUDE!
I'VE NO TIME
FOR SLACKERS!
[CELL PHONE RING]
HELLO?
AND WHOM MAY
I ASK IS--
Man: IT'S SHEPPARD.
AH! CHANCELLOR
SHEPPARD!
JUST CALLING
TO MAKE SURE
THAT EVERYTHING'S RUNNING
SMOOTHLY, CROWLER.
WOULDN'T WANT A REPEAT
OF WHAT HAPPENED LAST YEAR.
[GASP]
WHEN YOU CUT A THIRD OF
OUR STUDENT APPLICANTS
FOR SOME RIDICULOUS REASON...
WHAT WAS IT, CALLING
YOU MISTER OR MISSIS--
WHATEVER...
JUST MAKE SURE EVERYONE
GETS A FAIR SHOT.
ABSOLUTELY...
FURRY CHINNED
WINDBAG.
[THINKING] DOESN'T HE
REALIZE THAT THERE ARE
ENOUGH TALENTLESS FLUNKIES
AT THIS ACADEMY?!
BUT, HE'S THE BOSS.
AND IF HE WANTS TO GIVE
THIS SCRIMSHANKER A DUEL...
FINE.
PARDON ME, GENTLEMEN,
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
BUT WHO'S GOING
TO BE THE BOY'S
DUELING PROCTOR,
AND WHAT EXAM DECK
SHALL WE USE?
HMM!
OH, LEAVE THAT TO ME.
HUH?
Jaden:
TIGHT DUEL,
BASTION!
HUH?
THANK YOU.
FROM THE LOOKS
OF IT,
YOU MIGHT
JUST BE
THE SECOND BEST
DUELIST HERE!
HUH?!
Man over P.A.: JADEN YUKI,
PLEASE REPORT TO
EXAM FIELD 4.
GO TIME!
WISH ME LUCK, GUYS!
HEY, WAIT...
HUH?
IF I'M THE SECOND BEST,
WHO'S FIRST?
HA! YOURS TRULY!
IT'S WHAT
I'M BEST AT!
[GASPS]
WOW.
HE'S SO SURE
OF HIMSELF!
I WONDER IF HE'S
REALLY THAT GOOD.
HE'S GOING TO
NEED TO BE.
LOOK WHO
HE'S DUELING.
OOH!
ALL RIGHT! TEST TIME!
SO, SON,
YOUR NAME?
HUH?
UH, JADEN,
JADEN YUKI!
WELL, UH, JADEN YUKI,
I'M DR. VELLIAN CROWLER,
DEPARTMENT CHAIR
OF TECHNIQUES
HERE AT DUEL ACADEMY.
WOW, A DEPARTMENT CHAIR.
I HAD NO IDEA--
FROM HOW
YOU WERE DRESSED...
I WAS THINKING
YOU WERE
SOME KIND OF WEIRD
ACADEMY MASCOT--
LIKE A MAJORETTE,
OR A CHEERLEADER.
HA HA!
HEY, YOU KNOW,
NOW THAT HE
MENTIONS IT--
THIS KID'S GOT SOME
LIP, HUH, CHAZZ?
[GROWLS]
DUEL VEST ON!
WOW!
HEY, THAT'S PRETTY
SWEET, TEACH!
HOW DO I GET
ONE OF THOSE
COOL BLUE
DUEL BLAZERS?
OH, A LOT
OF HARD WORK
AND EXTREMELY
HIGH MARKS.
[THINKING]
OF COURSE,
YOU FIRST HAVE TO
GET IN TO DUEL ACADEMY.
AND I INTEND
TO MAKE CERTAIN
THAT WON'T BE HAPPENING!
WELL! I'M READY!
Both: SO, LET'S DUEL!
HERE GOES!
SWEET!
I'M GONNA SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO AVIAN
IN DEFENSE MODE!
I'LL ALSO THROW DOWN
A FACE DOWN.
ALL RIGHT!
GET YOUR GAME ON!
YES, VERY GOOD.
DON'T TELL ME
WHAT TO DO.
[CHUCKLES]
[THINKING]
AFTER ALL,
SINCE I'M USING
MY OWN PERSONAL DECK
RATHER THAN ONE OF
THOSE TEST ONES,
I'LL BE CALLING
ALL THE SHOTS.
I'LL FAIL THAT
INSOLENT LITTLE BRAT
AND SEND HIM HOME
IN NO TIME!
ALL RIGHT,
FOR THIS FIRST MOVE,
I THINK I'LL START
NICE AND EASY.
I CHOOSE TO PLAY
THE SPELL CARD
CONFISCATION!
OK, SO WHAT'S IT DO?
WHAT IT DOES IS ALLOW ME
TO PAY 1,000 LIFE POINTS
FOR THE CHANCE TO
PEAK AT YOUR HAND
AND TOSS ONE
OF YOUR CARDS
INTO THE GRAVEYARD!
HMM.
OH, YES, I REMEMBER
SOME OF THESE
FROM BACK WHEN I WAS
A NAIVE ROOKIE!
HMM, NOW WHICH
SHALL I BANISH?
MONSTER REBORN,
TO THE GRAVEYARD!
[GRUNTS]
NEXT, I'LL LAY TWO CARDS
FACEDOWN ON THE FIELD.
AND LAST,
BUT NOT LEAST,
I'LL PLAY HEAVY STORM!
THIS SPELL CARD DESTROYS
EVERY OTHER SPELL
AND TRAP CARD THAT'S
OUT ON THE FIELD!
[CHUCKLES]
[SHUDDERING]
WHOOPSIE!
DID YOU FORGET
THAT YOU HAD
TWO TRAP CARDS OUT ON
THE FIELD, YOURSELF?!
[CHUCKLES]
NOW, NOW,
YOU MUSTN'T SPEAK
OUT OF TURN, YOUNG SCHOLAR!
[GRUNTS]
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
NOTHING'S HAPPENING!
NOT YET!
[HISSING]
BUT THAT'S
ABOUT TO CHANGE!
[GASPS]
UH, COULD
SOMEBODY TELL ME
WHAT'S GOING ON?
THE TWO TRAP CARDS
THAT DR. CROWLER HAD
ON THE FIELD WERE CALLED
STATUE OF THE WICKED.
IT'S A SPECIAL
TRAP THAT CREATES
A VICIOUS TOKEN MONSTER
WHEN DESTROYED.
THAT'S WHY HE
PLAYED HEAVY STORM.
OH!
A CARD THAT STRONG
COULDN'T BE IN ONE
OF THE TEST DECKS,
CROWLER MUST BE
USING HIS OWN!
THEN THIS IS OVER--
NO APPLICANT COULD
BEAT THE DECK
OF AN EXPERT
LIKE DR. CROWLER!
YEAH, IT'S IMPOSSIBLE,
DON'T YOU THINK, CHAZZ?
YEAH. WHAT DO YOU
THINK, CHAZZ?
I THINK I'M GONNA
ENJOY WATCHING
CROWLER MOP THE FLOOR
WITH OUR MOUTHY LITTLE
FRIEND DOWN THERE.
I ONLY WISH HE TREATED
ALL THE OTHER SECOND
RATE DUELISTS
WHO APPLY TO THIS
ACADEMY THE SAME WAY.
WHAT AN ELITIST SNOB--
BULLYING SOME AMATEUR
WITH HIS VERY BEST CARDS?
Man: YOU'RE TOO
SOFT, ALEXIS.
HUH?
I JUST HOPE WE GET
TO SEE THAT LEGENDARY
RARE MONSTER CROWLER
HAS HAD STASHED AWAY
IN THAT DECK OF HIS.
READY FOR YOUR
NEXT LESSON?
HA HA!
YOU BET!
I CAN'T REMEMBER
THE LAST TIME
LEARNING WAS
THIS MUCH FUN!
[GROWLS]
YES, WELL, I'M QUITE
AN EXCELLENT TEACHER,
THANK YOU.
AND NOW, I SACRIFICE
MY TWO WICKED TOKENS...
AND SUMMON
ANCIENT GEAR GOLEM!
[GASPS]
THERE IT IS!
THE LEGENDARY
RARE CARD!
AND I'D SAY WE'RE
ABOUT TO FIND OUT
JUST WHAT MAKES
IT SO LEGENDARY.
NOW, NOW, I HOPE YOU'RE
NOT TOO SCARED OF
MY LEGENDARY ANCIENT
GEAR GOLEM!
AW, NO WAY!
I'VE ALWAYS WANTED
TO TAKE ONE ON!
[GASPS]
EITHER JADEN'S BRAVE
OR HE'S NUTS!
[GASPS]
HE'S STARING DOWN THAT
LEGENDARY RARE MONSTER
LIKE HE DOESN'T HAVE
A CARE IN THE WORLD.
I GUESS THAT YOUTH
AND INEXPERIENCE
HAVE THEIR BENEFITS
AFTER ALL.
HUH, ALEXIS?
COME ON, GIVE IT
A REST, ZANE.
AT LEAST THE KID'S
SHOWING SOME BACKBONE.
THERE WON'T BE
MUCH LEFT OF IT
TO SHOW AFTER THIS.
[LAUGHING]
GOLEM, ATTACK!
MECHANIZED MELEE!
[GROWLS]
AW, JADEN'S MONSTER
DIDN'T STAND A CHANCE!
HIS DEFENSE POINTS
WERE WAY TOO LOW!
THIS ISN'T
LOOKING GOOD...
AND IT'S ABOUT TO
LOOK A LOT WORSE.
WHEN THAT ANCIENT
GEAR GOLEM
ATTACKS A MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE,
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN
ITS ATTACK POINTS
AND THE DEFENDING
MONSTER'S DEFENSE POINTS
GETS DEALT TO
THE OPPONENT AS DAMAGE.
BUT THAT WOULD MEAN...
JADEN'S LIFE POINTS
ARE GONNA TAKE A HIT!
[GRUNTS]
[CHUCKLES]
DON'T FEEL BAD,
THIS IS THE TOP DUELING
SCHOOL IN THE COUNTRY--
SOME PEOPLE
SIMPLY AREN'T
CUT OUT FOR...
BOY, I REALLY WANT TO
COME TO THIS SCHOOL NOW.
YOU REALLY KNOW
YOUR STUFF, TEACH!
[GASPS]
[THINKING]
CAN'T HE TAKE A HINT?
HE WILL NOT BE ALLOWED
TO PASS THIS EXAM.
AND HE CERTAINLY
WON'T BE PERMITTED
TO MAKE A MOCKERY
OF MY DECK!
[THINKING]
JUST LOOK AT
HIM TREMBLE!
HE MUST REALLY
BE IMPRESSED BY ME!
HUH?!
WHAT WAS THAT?!
HUH?
OH, IT'S YOU!
SOMETHING JUST
TELLS ME THAT IT
BELONGS WITH YOU.
Jaden: YOU KNOW...
SOMETHING'S STARTING
TO TELL ME THAT, TOO.
HMM.
[COO]
UM, ALL RIGHT.
I'LL TAKE THAT AS
A SIGN TO PLAY YOU.
YEAH. DEFINITELY.
OK, I SUMMON
WINGED KURIBOH
IN DEFENSE MODE!
[COOING]
AND I'LL PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN.
NOT BAD,
HUH, TEACH?!
[LAUGHING]
NO, NOT BAD,
BUT YOU MUST
UNDERSTAND
I'M A MASTER
TECHNICIAN!
A KURIBOH TO ME
IS RATHER PEDESTRIAN...
EVEN ONE WITH
WINGS, YOU SEE,
ITS DEFENSE POINTS
ARE STILL NO MATCH
FOR MY ANCIENT GEAR GOLEM.
IT'S A TEXT BOOK MISTAKE,
DON'T FEEL BAD.
NOW, LET'S PROCEED!
WITH THE LEGENDARY
ANCIENT GEAR GOLEM!
ATTACK THAT KURIBOH
WITH MECHANIZED MELEE!
[COOS]
[GRUNTS]
[THINKING]
SORRY, WINGED KURIBOH...
HMM.
CHECK YOUR GEAR, YOUR LIFE
POINTS HAVEN'T CHANGED.
MY GEAR'S FINE--
ON THE TURN WINGED
KURIBOH IS DESTROYED,
I TAKE ZERO DAMAGE.
[GASPS]
HOW ABOUT THAT,
A TECHNIQUE THE GOOD
DOCTOR DIDN'T KNOW.
NO ONE CAN BE EXPECTED
TO KNOW EVERY TECHNIQUE,
ALEXIS, ESPECIALLY ONE
AS OBSCURE AS THAT.
YEAH, WELL THAT KID
SURE KNEW IT.
FINE, FINE--
I GUESS YOUR LAME LITTLE
MONSTER SAVED YOU THERE.
HEY, SLOW DOWN
THERE, TEACH,
YOU MAY HAVE BEAT HIM,
BUT THAT DOESN'T
GIVE YOU THE RIGHT
TO CALL HIM LAME!
OH, YES, I FORGET
HOW ATTACHED
YOU NEW DUELISTS
GET TO YOUR MONSTERS.
I'M SORRY.
YEAH, WELL,
YOU SHOULD BE,
BECAUSE BY ATTACKING
MY WINGED KURIBOH,
YOU SET OFF
A TRAP CARD--
ONE OF MY
FAVORITES, TOO--
HERO SIGNAL!
[GASP]
AND THAT BRINGS OUT MY
SECOND ELEMENTAL HERO...
BURSTINATRIX!
[GRUNT]
HYAH!
MY TURN!
ALL RIGHT,
WINGED KURIBOH,
THIS NEXT ONE'S
GONNA BE FOR YOU!
HERE GOES NOTHIN'!
FIRST OFF, I'M GONNA
BRING BACK AVIAN
TO MY HAND WITH
THE SPELL CARD,
THE WARRIOR
RETURNING ALIVE!
AND NOW I'M GONNA SUMMON
HIM TO THE FIELD!
[GROWL]
OH, OK.
ANOTHER AMATEURISH
MISTAKE...
BUT THIS IS GOOD.
THIS IS GOOD.
NOW, WOULD ANYONE
LIKE TO TELL ME WHAT
OUR LITTLE FRIEND
DID WRONG HERE--
YEAH, ACTUALLY,
I WASN'T DONE YET.
SEE, I KNOW MY
TWO HEROES
AREN'T VERY POWERFUL
BY THEMSELVES.
BUT IF I CAN FORM
THEM TOGETHER,
IT'S ANOTHER STORY!
AND I HAVE JUST
THE CARD TO UNITE THEM!
POLYMERIZATION!
JOIN AVIAN
AND BURSTINATRIX!
FUSION SUMMON!
THERE HE IS!
THE ELEMENTAL HERO
FLAME WINGMAN!
I HOPE YOUR
GEAR GOLEM IS READY
FOR A CLASH
OF THE TITANS!
SO, TEACH,
WHAT DO YOU THINK?!
I THINK YOU'RE DUELING
VERY WELL FOR AN AMATEUR.
BUT, NEXT TIME,
TRY PLAYING A MONSTER
THAT HAS MORE ATTACK POINTS
THAN WHAT'S ALREADY OUT.
All: HUH?!
WHAT'S HE MEAN?
HE MEANS THAT WINGMAN'S
ATTACK POINTS
ARE NO MATCH FOR
HIS GOLEM'S 3,000.
SHAME, TOO,
BECAUSE WHEN THE WINGMAN
DESTROYS A MONSTER,
THAT MONSTER'S ATTACK
POINTS ARE DEALT
AS DAMAGE TO ITS OWNER.
WAIT, YOU MEAN
THEY'RE DEDUCTED
RIGHT OUT OF HIS
LIFE POINTS?!
AW, THAT WOULD'VE
BEEN A GREAT WAY
FOR JADEN TO
TURN THINGS AROUND.
WELL...
IF YOUR FRIEND'S AS
GOOD AS HE SAYS HE IS,
HE MIGHT STILL
FIND A WAY.
WOW, DID WE REALLY
SEEM LIKE FRIENDS?
ALL RIGHT,
YOUNG SCHOLAR,
I DON'T MEAN
TO RUSH YOU,
BUT I AM
A BUSY MAN!
ARE YOU DONE YET?
OF COURSE
I'M NOT DONE YET!
AND OF COURSE
I KNEW MY WINGMAN
HAD LESS ATTACK POINTS
THAN YOUR GOLEM!
THAT'S WHY I HAVE THIS!
SKYSCRAPER!
GO!
[GASPS]
[ROARS]
ALL RIGHT,
FLAME WINGMAN,
GO SHOW
THOSE HEROICS
AND ATTACK THAT
ANCIENT GEAR GOLEM!
[GROWLING]
FINE WITH ME.
BRING HIM ON!
THIS SILLY LITTLE
SKYSCRAPER FIELD CARD
HASN'T LOWERED MY GOLEM'S
ATTACK LEVEL BY ONE POINT!
YOU KNOW WHAT, TEACH,
YOU'RE RIGHT!
THIS SKYSCRAPER
FIELD HASN'T
LOWERED YOUR GOLEM'S
ATTACK POINTS,
WHAT IT'S DONE IS
RAISE MY ELEMENTAL
HERO WINGMAN'S
BY A TOWERING
GRAND TOTAL OF...
1,000!
WAIT...
TIME-OUT!
GO, SKYDIVE SCORCHER!
[SHUDDERING]
[GASPING]
THIS CAN'T BE!
HE WAS MY VERY
BEST CARD!
Jaden: AND 'CAUSE OF MY
WINGMAN'S SUPER POWER...
THE ATTACK POINTS
OF THAT GOLEM
ARE DEALT STRAIGHT
TO YOUR LIFE POINTS!
SWEET, HUH?
NO WAY!
[WHIMPERING]
WHOA!
[CHEERING]
THAT'S GAME!
SO, I GUESS I PASSED
THE TEST, HUH, TEACH?!
IMPOSSIBLE!
THERE'S NO WAY THIS
DELINQUENT COULD DEFEAT ME!
[GASPS]
HUH?!
IT MUST BE DUMB LUCK.
NO WAY CROWLER COULD
LOSE TO SOME FLUNKY.
THAT KID'S GOT
A FUTURE HERE!
WOW!
HUH?
HMM.
ALL RIGHT!
YEAH, JADEN!
[THINKING]
NICE.
I COULD USE
A LITTLE COMPETITION.
I MADE THE ACADEMY!
WOW! I'M IN!
I'M IN!
HA HA!
WE'RE BOTH IN.
AND FROM HERE ON OUT...
YOU AND I...
WILL BE PARTNERS!
[COOS]